Docs cleanup (#31)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/docs/_index.md

## About Falco

> Falco is a behavioral activity monitor designed to detect anomalous activity in your applications. Powered by [Sysdig](https://sysdig.com/)'s [system call capture](https://sysdig.com/blog/fascinating-world-linux-system-calls/) infrastructure, Falco lets you continuously monitor and detect container, application, host, and network activity, all in one place, from one source of data, with one set of [rules](rules).

Reviewer: Just wondering whether is better to link https://github.com/draios/sysdig rather than the website and/or blog. WDYT Luc?

Author: I'll switch the sysdig link to the GiHub repo but I think linking to an informative blog post is totally fine

### What kind of behaviors can Falco detect?

Falco can detect and alert on any behavior that involves making [Linux system calls](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/syscalls.2.html). Falco alerts can be triggered by the use of specific system calls, their arguments, and by properties of the calling process. For example, you can easily detect when:

* A shell is run inside a container
* A server process spawns a child process of an unexpected type
* A sensitive file, like `/etc/shadow`, is unexpectedly read
* A non-device file is written to `/dev`
* A standard system binary (like `ls`) makes an outbound network connection

## How Falco compares to other tools

> People often ask how Falco differs from [SELinux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux), [AppArmor](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=6&ved=2ahUKEwju4J3G1fjiAhVEwZ8KHZnuDhUQFjAFegQIARAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwiki.ubuntu.com%2FAppArmor&usg=AOvVaw1WzylrmSdwSADN7420atY5), [Auditd](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwj4n8fO1fjiAhUQBnwKHdjUBv0QFjAAegQIABAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Flinux.die.net%2Fman%2F8%2Fauditd&usg=AOvVaw3kdma9trI4_K20-nq3KBeS), and other tools related to Linux security policy. We wrote a [blog post](https://sysdig.com/blog/selinux-seccomp-falco-technical-discussion/) on the [Sysdig blog](https://sysdig.com/blog) comparing Falco to other tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
People often ask how Falco differs from [SELinux](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Security-Enhanced_Linux), [AppArmor](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/AppArmor), [Auditd](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/auditd.8.html), and other tools related to Linux security policy. We wrote a [blog post](https://sysdig.com/blog/selinux-seccomp-falco-technical-discussion/) on the [Sysdig blog](https://sysdig.com/blog) comparing Falco to other tools.
```

Reviewer: I don't have permissions on this PR (coming from your fork) to pickup this suggestion. Can you pick up it please?

Author: UUUUUGH, I hate Google AMP. I always forget that I can't copy URLs directly from search results.

## How to use Falco

> Falco is deployed as a long-running daemon. You can install it as a [Debian](installation#debian)/[rpm](installation#rhel) package on a regular host or container host, or you can deploy it as a [container](installation#docker).

Reviewer: Probably worth waiting https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/pull/28 to be merged in so to let users know that they can also build it from source (pointing them to that documentation page).

WDYT about mentioning it here?
